README.md, before:

# Oxford IE CDT Workshop on GPs for probabilistic earthquake ground motion prediction
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/sscivier/intelligent-earth-cdt-earthquakes-gp/HEAD?urlpath=tree)

## Table of Contents
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction
This repository contains materials for an Oxford Intelligent Earth CDT workshop on Gaussian Processes (GPs) for probabilistic earthquake ground motion prediction. The workshop aims to provide participants with hands-on experience in using GPs for as part of a workflow for predicting earthquake ground motions, in a proof-of-concept example.

## Installation
You can install the required dependencies to run the notebook `workbook.ipynb` using the following command:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
See below for how to run the notebooks without any installation.

## Usage
If you would like to run this notebook on your computer, first clone the repository and install the required dependencies (see above). You can then launch the Jupyter Notebook by running the following command in your terminal:
```bash
jupyter notebook
```
Then, open the notebook file to start the workshop exercises.

Alternatively, you can use Binder to run the notebooks online without any installation. Click the Binder badge at the top of this README to launch the notebooks in your browser.

## Contributing
If you have any suggestions, improvements, questions, or comments - please create an issue, submit a pull request, or [get in touch](mailto:sam.scivier@earth.ox.ac.uk).

## License
This project is licensed under the Apache-2.0 License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Add recommendation for virtual environment installation in README.md

README.md, after:

# Oxford IE CDT Workshop on GPs for probabilistic earthquake ground motion prediction
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/sscivier/intelligent-earth-cdt-earthquakes-gp/HEAD?urlpath=tree)

## Table of Contents
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction
This repository contains materials for an Oxford Intelligent Earth CDT workshop on Gaussian Processes (GPs) for probabilistic earthquake ground motion prediction. The workshop aims to provide participants with hands-on experience in using GPs for as part of a workflow for predicting earthquake ground motions, in a proof-of-concept example.

## Installation
You can install the required dependencies to run the notebook `workbook.ipynb` using the following command:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
It is recommended to install the dependencies in a virtual environment.
See below for how to run the notebooks without any installation.

## Usage
If you would like to run this notebook on your computer, first clone the repository and install the required dependencies (see above). You can then launch the Jupyter Notebook by running the following command in your terminal:
```bash
jupyter notebook
```
Then, open the notebook file to start the workshop exercises.

Alternatively, you can use Binder to run the notebooks online without any installation. Click the Binder badge at the top of this README to launch the notebooks in your browser.

## Contributing
If you have any suggestions, improvements, questions, or comments - please create an issue, submit a pull request, or [get in touch](mailto:sam.scivier@earth.ox.ac.uk).

## License
This project is licensed under the Apache-2.0 License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
